alright just took a quick breaks like
that yeah you shoulda figures in it
since i just opened it and also to
loosen up some of the stiffness in the
character so to start with all the
articulation and it's going to be the
same from the left to the right so right
here you get like that turn all around
like that knee then here
at the waist it's slight movement going
like that
arms got the joint here
move here here and there the hand on
mine it's still a little stiff so up
just left as it was for the head
and then
for articulation that's about it
let's see
quick look at the face
detail an armor
the helmet
which is pretty much as pops on and pops
off then get the two weapons
to spike rifles
and for this one that's really about it
for him
so let's go get the other characters for
scale a couple other characters right
quick I almost forgot to mention that
inside the package there's two pegs that
you fit inside the little holes on the
right post oh right there put the pigs
inside there and then
find a spot in the legs right there
it holds in place there you go a quick
look at that sassy person between the
boot stalker the brute chieftain Master
Chief custom Spartan which is the same
thing as semester chief just different
head and color and then the ODST pervy a
lot easier to see the size of fighting
choose doll dark characters know that
and I had better lighting and all that
all right right quickly just quick look
at my halo said
that sooner or later I'll get around to
doing quick video for these ones here
but more likely to be no talking cuz as
is I don't like doing the talking
because doing it talking pretty much got
to do it right right away or reshoot it
but text and all that kind of stepped
away I know we do it a lot easier
quicker just to pick something by
erasing it and redoing it so for us Siri
so far the two series that they released
by to third third ones will have to be
blue Spartan and the ODST party with the
brute stalker behind it and I'm the
green grunt but number one Allen
you